Update changeset for json readonly fix (#7521)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/young-hotels-smoke.md

'@keystone-6/core': patch
---

> Fix the JSON field not showing any formatting in read only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the JSON field not showing any formatting when the field mode is read-only
```
